tools/README.md, before:

# carddb/tools

This module has some toolset to add/update cards to TCG ONE card database and card implementations.

## Features

- Reading from [pokemontcg.io](https://github.com/PokemonTCG/pokemon-tcg-data/tree/master/json/cards) or [Kirby's format (preferred)]((https://github.com/kirbyUK/ptcgo-data/tree/master/en_US))
- Downloading scans
- Generating [TCG ONE Card Database YAML files](https://github.com/tcgone/carddb/tree/master/data/src/main/resources/cards)
- Generating [TCG ONE Engine Implementation Groovy Files](https://github.com/axpendix/tcgone-engine-contrib/tree/master/src/tcgwars/logic/impl)
- Reading from [TCG ONE Card Database YAML files](https://github.com/tcgone/carddb/tree/master/data/src/main/resources/cards)
- Processing card scans in batch before uploading to [Scans Server](https://forum.tcgone.net/t/6697) via [scans.pl](https://github.com/tcgone/carddb/blob/master/tools/scripts/scans.pl)

## Instructions

1. Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/tcgone/carddb.git`
1. Build the whole `carddb` module: `mvn install`
1. Switch to tools: `cd tools`
1. View options: `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar`
1. Read from [kirby's repo](https://github.com/kirbyUK/ptcgo-data/tree/master/en_US), convert to yaml and implementation templates: `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/sm10.json" "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/det1.json" --export-yaml --export-impl-tmpl`
1. Download scans: `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/sm10.json" "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/det1.json" --download-scans`

Commit message:

Read expansion data prior to reading PIO data (#106)
* Read expansion data prior to reading card data

When using the pio v2 data, the expansions are now in their own JSON file.
These changes read that data before reading card data so that the relevant
expansion data can be used to generate files. This should reduce the number of
manual changes that need to be made to YAML and groovy files, and fixes
downloading scans using pio instead of kirby. Also fixes the issue where using
multiple pios would throw everything in the same files because of the naming
issue.

* Fix scans folder created and used

* Use argument instead of String mangling

* Readme Updates (pio v2, reading expansion data)

tools/README.md, after:

# carddb/tools

This module has some toolset to add/update cards to TCG ONE card database and card implementations.

## Features

- Reading card data from [pokemontcg.io](https://github.com/PokemonTCG/pokemon-tcg-data/tree/master/cards/en) or [Kirby's format (preferred)]((https://github.com/kirbyUK/ptcgo-data/tree/master/en_US))
- Reading expansion data from [pokemontcg.io](https://github.com/PokemonTCG/pokemon-tcg-data/tree/master/sets)
- Downloading scans
- Generating [TCG ONE Card Database YAML files](https://github.com/tcgone/carddb/tree/master/data/src/main/resources/cards)
- Generating [TCG ONE Engine Implementation Groovy Files](https://github.com/axpendix/tcgone-engine-contrib/tree/master/src/tcgwars/logic/impl)
- Reading from [TCG ONE Card Database YAML files](https://github.com/tcgone/carddb/tree/master/data/src/main/resources/cards)
- Processing card scans in batch before uploading to [Scans Server](https://forum.tcgone.net/t/6697) via [scans.pl](https://github.com/tcgone/carddb/blob/master/tools/scripts/scans.pl)

## Instructions

1. Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/tcgone/carddb.git`
1. Build the whole `carddb` module: `mvn install`
1. Switch to tools: `cd tools`
1. View options: `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar`
1. Read from [kirby's repo](https://github.com/kirbyUK/ptcgo-data/tree/master/en_US), convert to yaml and implementation templates: `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/sm10.json" "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/det1.json" --export-yaml --export-impl-tmpl`
   - Read expansion data from [pokemontcg.io](https://github.com/PokemonTCG/pokemon-tcg-data/tree/master/sets) to fill in several details you otherwise have to remember to fill in yourself. `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar`**`"--pio-expansion=../pokemon-tcg-data/sets/en.json"`**`"--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/sm10.json" "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/det1.json" --export-yaml --export-impl-tmpl`
1. Download scans: `java -jar target/carddb-tools-*.jar "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/sm10.json" "--pio=../ptcgo-data/en_US/det1.json" --download-scans`
   - Expansion data can be read here automatically name the folder created to hold the scans. **Note**: Folder names for existing Promo sets should be checked for accuracy before adding to the scans server.
